word-break: manual & auto-phrase (#30980)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/word-break/index.md

  - : To prevent overflow, word breaks should be inserted between any two characters (excluding Chinese/Japanese/Korean text).
- `keep-all`
  - : Word breaks should not be used for Chinese/Japanese/Korean (CJK) text. Non-CJK text behavior is the same as for `normal`.
- `manual` {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Works the same as `word-break: normal` except that breaks are not automatically inserted in Southeast Asian languages since user agents frequently place them in suboptimal positions. When using this, you are expected to manually insert all line breaks yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Has the same effect as `word-break: normal` except that breaks are not automatically inserted in Southeast Asian languages. In such cases, user agents frequently place them in suboptimal positions. This property value allows you to insert line breaks in optimal positions manually.
```

- `auto-phrase` {{Experimental_Inline}}

>   - : Works the same as `word-break: normal` except that language-specific analasys is performed to improve word breaks by not placing them in the middle of natural phrases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Has the same effect as `word-break: normal` except that language-specific analysis is performed to improve word breaks by not placing them in the middle of natural phrases.
```

Reviewer: Is this also beneficial mainly to SEA (and similar) languages where entire phrases can often be encompassed in a single word? If so, it might be good to say so.

Author: The standard for ``manual`` is specific to SEA languages while the one for ``auto-phrase`` is written in a more generic way and could apply to any language where word or phrase boundaries aren't exclusively down to spaces.
That said, Chrome currently only supports it to improve phrase boundaries in Japanese, as of version 119: https://developer.chrome.com/blog/css-i18n-features

I'm unsure if this will only / mostly be used for SEA languages in the future so I didn't mention them specifically.

Reviewer: OK, that's fine then. I don't think any more changes are required here.

If Chrome only supports `auto-phrase` for Japanese as of 119, you might want to mention that in a note in the compat data.

Author: Already submitted a PR there and mentioned it: https://github.com/mdn/browser-compat-data/pull/21607

(I know the Github action just failed, I'll get to that in a bit.)
